CERBERUS: update legged robotics related publications (#13)
subtchallenge/subt_resources: 4-Publications.md

1. M. Hutter, C. Gehring, D. Jud, A. Lauber, C.D. Bellicoso, V. Tsounis, J. Hwangbo, K. Bodie, P. Fankhauser, M. Bloesch, R. Diethelm, S. Bachmann, A. Melzer, and M. Hoepflinger,”Anymal-a highly mobile and dynamic quadrupedal robot.,” In 2016 IEEE/RSJ international conference on intelligent robots and systems (IROS) (pp. 38-44). IEEE.

> 1. T. Miki, J. Lee, J. Hwangbo, L. Wellhausen, V. Koltun, and M. Hutter, “Wild ANYmal: Robust zero-shot perceptive locomotion,” Science Robotics 7 (2022), eabk2822

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. T. Miki, J. Lee, J. Hwangbo, L. Wellhausen, V. Koltun, and M. Hutter, “Learning robust perceptive locomotion for quadrupedal robots in the wild,” Science Robotics, 2022. https://www.science.org/doi/abs/10.1126/scirobotics.abk2822
```
Update with final title and add link

### Systems Papers

> 1. M. Tranzatto, F. Mascarich, L. Bernreiter, C. Godinho, M. Camurri, S. Khattak, T. Dang, V. Reijgwart, J. Loje, D. Wisth, S. Zimmermann, H. Nguyen, M. Fehr, L. Solanka, R. Buchanan, M. Bjelonic, N. Khedekar, M. Valceschini, F. Jenelten, M. Dharmadhikari, T. Homberger, P. De Petris, L. Wellhausen, M. Kulkarni, T. Miki, S.Hirsch, M. Montenegro, C. Papachristos, F. Tresoldi, J. Carius, G. Valsecchi, J. Lee, K. Meyer, X. Wu, J. Nieto, A. Smith, M. Hutter, R. Siegwart, M. Mueller, Ma. Fallon, K. Alexis, "CERBERUS: Autonomous Legged and Aerial Robotic Exploration in the Tunnel and Urban Circuits of the DARPA Subterranean Challenge", Field Robotics, 274–324 (2022)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. M. Tranzatto, F. Mascarich, L. Bernreiter, C. Godinho, M. Camurri, S. Khattak, T. Dang, V. Reijgwart, J. Loje, D. Wisth, S. Zimmermann, H. Nguyen, M. Fehr, L. Solanka, R. Buchanan, M. Bjelonic, N. Khedekar, M. Valceschini, F. Jenelten, M. Dharmadhikari, T. Homberger, P. De Petris, L. Wellhausen, M. Kulkarni, T. Miki, S.Hirsch, M. Montenegro, C. Papachristos, F. Tresoldi, J. Carius, G. Valsecchi, J. Lee, K. Meyer, X. Wu, J. Nieto, A. Smith, M. Hutter, R. Siegwart, M. Mueller, Ma. Fallon, K. Alexis, "CERBERUS: Autonomous Legged and Aerial Robotic Exploration in the Tunnel and Urban Circuits of the DARPA Subterranean Challenge", Field Robotics, 274–324 (2022). https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2201.07067
```
Add link
